he's gonna give me
No
Oh KK Simmons I see you had a good night
yes thank you thank you yes I I wanna be
you want it you want it well me with you
so we want to be yeah one yes I want it
no I appreciate everything you did for
me oh really well it's interesting that
you didn't thank me at the academy
totally oh yeah I forgot I forgot you
when you're up there it's live you very
nervous I I apologize forgot the reason
thank you in front of all these people
in America thank you for giving it thank
you for giving it to me thank you thank
you thank you thing it's me
I never want to see that man again hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven